[MUSIC]
>> Mike North: We're going to
start with unit integration tests.
I want to, and
I have a mistake here, actually.
So I want us to write the unit test for
this computer property
macro that we built.
Right.
Unit test for the computer property macro.
For the integration test,
I want integration tests for
the github-org component and
make sure that you touch on,
that the data that you are passing through
the contract with the outside world.
You know the org, that it's name
will actually show up in the DOM and
also that the favorite button will fire
the appropriate action when clicked.
>> Mike North: And then I have
instructions for an acceptance test.
It seems like a lot of steps.
But, it's not too bad and
to save you guys some time
I have actually mocked out the pretender,
like I've given you some sample
data to use with pretender so that
you can not have to worry about figuring
out what the valid payload should be.
So, I would just go to the pdf,
copy this, what's that?
>> Speaker 2: You can't
copy text out of the pdf?
>> Mike North: So
I will make this available as a gist and
post the link in chat right away.
The way you add pretender to your app
is ember install ember-cli-pretender.
That's it.
And the way you get access to
the pretender object itself.
Is just by importing it from Pretender
just like you import Ember from Ember.
So, hopefully, this will let you guys
focus on the particulars of the test and
not on the mocking of the data here.
All right.
Do we have any questions before we
dive in and get started?
And I think we should allow
maybe 30 minutes for this,
because there are three types
of tests I'm asking for, and
I want to make sure you guys have
a good understanding of this.
>> Speaker 3: Is the unit
tester even lane module?
>> Mike North: I want,
yeah, I need to fix that.
What I want the unit test on is
the computer property macro,
that we just built in the last exercise.
Is an array or
whatever that is, yes question.
>> Speaker 4: This is back on the computed
properties but he was just asking if
could we avoid using computed properties
with data down actions up pattern?
>> Mike North: Computed properties
play very nicely with actions up,
bindings down.
So, that's all advisable to work together,
what you don't want are observers.